README.md, before:

![Alt text](/public/img/logo.png)

## About

JamaTrace is a project between Seven Source, a Portland State University computer science senior capstone team, and
[Jama Software](https://github.com/JamaSoftware). The team consists of seven members:
[Iman Bilal](https://github.com/ibilal), [Mike Hansen](https://github.com/HansenML),
[Ruben Piatnitsky](https://github.com/ruv-prog-so), [Chance Snow](https://github.com/chances),
[Kathleen Tran](https://github.com/kathtran), [Ricardo Valencia](https://github.com/RickyV33) (Team Lead), and
[Marcus Week](https://github.com/Marc-Week).

JamaTrace allows customers of Jama Software to view the downstream relationships between their project items via a
graph that supports traceability. All data is retrieved from Jama's REST API.

## Usage

After cloning the repository, run the following command to install the application's dependencies.
```
$ npm install
```

If it doesn't already exist in your environment, create a new `.env` file in the project root directory, copying the
`.env.example` and modifying it as is necessary for the environment. *The `SESSION_SECRET` variable must be changed to
any unique String.*

To run the application
```
$ npm run start
```

To run and debug
```
$ npm run debug
```

To run all tests (this will also run the linter)
```
$ npm test
```

To run the linter
```
$ npm run lint
```

## Development

### Process

Our development process focused on pair programming, with a *hint* of mob programming. The pairs were as follows: Iman &
Marcus, Michael & Ruben, and Kathleen & Ricardo. Chance was the technical adviser, a readily available resource for all
team members.

### Technical Stack

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Express](https://expressjs.com)
* JavaScript (ES6)
* HTML5
* CSS
* [D3](https://d3js.org)

## Testing

The [Mocha](https://mochajs.org) framework was used with [Chai](http://chaijs.com), an assertion library, to conduct all
tests on JamaTrace.

## Copyright and license

Code and documentation &copy; 2016 Iman Bilal, Michael Hansen, Ruben Piatnitsky, Chance Snow,
Kathleen Tran, Ricardo Valencia, Marcus Week. Code and documentation is released under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Adding team name instruction to README

README.md, after:

![Alt text](/public/img/logo.png)

## About

JamaTrace is a project between Seven Source, a Portland State University computer science senior capstone team, and
[Jama Software](https://github.com/JamaSoftware). The team consists of seven members:
[Iman Bilal](https://github.com/ibilal), [Mike Hansen](https://github.com/HansenML),
[Ruben Piatnitsky](https://github.com/ruv-prog-so), [Chance Snow](https://github.com/chances),
[Kathleen Tran](https://github.com/kathtran), [Ricardo Valencia](https://github.com/RickyV33) (Team Lead), and
[Marcus Week](https://github.com/Marc-Week).

JamaTrace allows customers of Jama Software to view the downstream relationships between their project items via a
graph that supports traceability. All data is retrieved from Jama's REST API.

## Usage

After cloning the repository, run the following command to install the application's dependencies.
```
$ npm install
```

If it doesn't already exist in your environment, create a new `.env` file in the project root directory, copying the
`.env.example` and modifying it as is necessary for the environment. In a new line beneath the `SESSION_SECRET`, add the team name, assigned to a new `TEAM_NAME` variable. *The `SESSION_SECRET` variable must be changed to
any unique String.*

To run the application
```
$ npm run start
```

To run and debug
```
$ npm run debug
```

To run all tests (this will also run the linter)
```
$ npm test
```

To run the linter
```
$ npm run lint
```

## Development

### Process

Our development process focused on pair programming, with a *hint* of mob programming. The pairs were as follows: Iman &
Marcus, Michael & Ruben, and Kathleen & Ricardo. Chance was the technical adviser, a readily available resource for all
team members.

### Technical Stack

* [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/)
* [Express](https://expressjs.com)
* JavaScript (ES6)
* HTML5
* CSS
* [D3](https://d3js.org)

## Testing

The [Mocha](https://mochajs.org) framework was used with [Chai](http://chaijs.com), an assertion library, to conduct all
tests on JamaTrace.

## Copyright and license

Code and documentation &copy; 2016 Iman Bilal, Michael Hansen, Ruben Piatnitsky, Chance Snow,
Kathleen Tran, Ricardo Valencia, Marcus Week. Code and documentation is released under the MIT license.
